Hi, I'm back again.
Just wanted to stress the importance of the material you're about to learn.
Using a data structure that employs
a hash function allows you to do look ups in constant time.
Let that sink in for a second.
With everything you've learned so far,
you need to do look ups in linear time.
In a list or a set,
you need to look through every element to find the one you're looking for.
Stacks and queues let you look up the oldest or newest elements immediately,
and priority queues will let you find the highest priority element quickly.
But if you want any other element,
you've got to do a linear time search.
The ability to do constant time look ups will make
almost any algorithm you write instantly faster.